WOMAN:
Where you at, New Orleans?
I'll tell you where I am--
I'm right here, standing watch
over your a.m. commute.
As you loyal listeners know,
I served seven years
in the Navy.
Shaped me
into the adorable deejay
that y'all know and love.
That's why I founded
Youth Stripes.
Work with at-risk kids,
help them find
a path to success,
which for some
includes military service.
We're gonna be fund-raising
all week.
Phone lines are open.
Come on, New Orleans,
show me some love.
This is Kayla.
You ready to go all in
for Youth Stripes?
I would follow you anywhere,
Petty Officer Anderson.
This is my good friend
Captain Jim Grant,
a real American hero.
I want to tell you
I'm impressed
with all the good work
you're doing.
Aw, Captain, I'm blushing.
GRANT:
And I'm hoping to give
your fund-raiser
a jump-start this morning.
What do you say?
What the hell?
Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Captain, you there?
Jim?
Jim!
* Boom, boom, boom, boom
* Bang, bang, bang, bang
* How, how, how, how
* Hey, hey
* You gotta come on.
Good morning.
Morning, Christopher.
I hope you didn't eat yet.
I got inspired this morning.
Eggs Florentine.
Well, I hope
you got enough for three.
What do you mean?
Yeah.
Hey, Dad!
Come on. Laurel?
What a surprise!
Oh, my God,
this is great!
Oh.
Hey!
Hi. Yeah, I just felt
like coming home.
Microwave mac and cheese
does get pretty old.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Sit down. Come on.
I'll get that.
Eggs Florentine.
I tweaked the sauce
a little bit,
and, uh, well, you know,
spiced it up.
I hope you like it.
I'm sure it'll be great.
And I was hoping that you
might have some time to talk?
Well, sure, I always got time
for you, baby girl.
Come on.
What's on your mind?
That was NOPD, King.
Got a dead Navy captain.
Well,
what are you waiting for? Go.
Well...
I'll clean up.
Thanks.
I'll be back
in a little bit.
Turn off the gas.
:
I will.
LASALLE:
So...
Laurel's in town,
middle of the week,
middle of the semester...
You are always so suspicious,
Christopher.
You think too much like a cop.
And you don't?
First thing that flashed
through my head.
Something's up.
Well, when we get back,
we'll eat and we'll talk.
We'll get down to it.
Until then...
We work.
No Sonja?
She's with DEA
closing out
the Payton
Kirk case.
Right. Well,
911 received a call
8:30 this morning, shots fired.
Our victim
is Captain James Grant,
public liaison
to Belle Chasse.
He live alone?
His wife Rachel's in Pensacola.
Vacation?
Not sure.
CACO's making
the notification right now.
I'm checking outside.
Morning, Loretta.
It's not a particularly good one
for Captain Grant.
Cause of death
appears to be
three gunshot wounds
to the chest.
The captain was also
on the receiving end
of a beating.
Contusions to the head.
Significant bruising
to his body.
Any witnesses?
Next-door
neighbor's place
is vacant, and the rest
of the neighbors were working.
PRIDE:
Who called 911?
Radio deejay Kayla Anderson
at Hot NOLA FM.
She was on live
with him
when he was killed--
she made the call
along with most
of her listeners.
Check it out, King.
NOPD found it outside
in the bushes
next to Captain Grant's
bedroom window.
Nine
Yep.
That could be
our murder weapon.
Yeah. Get it to Sebastian.
I'll go chat with our deejay.
KAYLA:
I heard those gunshots,
and the line went dead.
I just...
I called 911 right away.
You knew Captain Grant?
We served together in Iraq,
two tours.
He was your commanding officer?
And my friend.
Do you have any idea why he
called your show this morning?
He was making a donation
to a charity that I run.
Did you hear anything
besides the shots?
Voices, maybe, or...?
Sorry to interrupt, Kayla.
Uh, this is Tyson Reed.
Helps me run Youth Stripes,
my nonprofit.
I'm working the phone bank.
There's a call that you
both need to take.
Guy called a few minutes ago,
said he had info
on Captain Grant's murder,
will only talk to Kayla.
Hello?
:
Is this Kayla?
Yes. You have information
on Captain Grant?
I do. And you better watch
your back, Kayla,
because you're next.
Captain Jim Grant,
public affairs officer
out of Belle Chasse,
is beaten and shot to death
by an intruder,
all the while live on air
with deejay Kayla Anderson.
A few hours later,
Kayla receives a call
that she's next.
No luck tracing
the call.
Grant and Kayla served
in Iraq together.
What else connects them?
Well, Grant was calling in
to make a donation
to Kayla's charity.
According to financials,
$200,000 was wired
from his bank account
to the Youth Stripes.
That's a lot of dough
for a career naval officer.
Well, his wife Rachel is on
her way in now from Pensacola.
Hopefully,
she can shed some light.
I'll sit back down
with Kayla.
You're gonna wear out
the terra cotta.
Patton Plame?
You got to be kidding me!
As handsome and as
dashing as ever.
If you don't say so
yourself.
You're a federal agent?
Well, I like to think of it
more like... superhero.
When NCIS needs me,
I swoop in to save the day.
So... Batman.
Yeah. You said it;
I'm just living it.
I'm gonna deduce
that the two of you
know each other.
We go way back.
Yeah.
My dangerous days.
Yeah, well,
these days seem
pretty dangerous, too.
That phone call?
Coffee?
I'm a deejay.
People hear my voice every day.
It's an intimate relationship.
Some fans take it too far--
weird phone calls, e-mails.
It's more than a
random occurrence, Kayla.
This caller knew about
Captain Grant's murder.
PATTON: Any of your
creepier correspondence
stand out recently?
Some guy came by
the station last week,
said that he had to talk to me,
that it was
life and death.
Security escorted him out.
I'm gonna request surveillance
footage from the station.
Yeah. Good idea.
Something else.
The donation Grant
was making to your charity.
Money was transferred
to Youth Stripes yesterday.
$200,000.
What?
Uh...
You didn't know
it was gonna be that...
generous?
Tyson Reed handles the
financials for Youth Stripes.
I had no idea.
Well, given everything
that's gone on today,
I think maybe... we should
have NOPD escort you.
Is that necessary?
I'd say so.
We need to keep you safe.
The whole drive
from Florida...
I just, I kept expecting
Jim to call
and say that it was
just a misunderstanding
and he was fine.
May I ask why
your husband lived here
when you're
in Pensacola?
Jim was 90 days from retirement.
After years of deployments
and all the posts and...
we're finally
settling down,
I was getting our
new home ready.
You just bought a house?
Put every penny
we had into it.
Are you aware
your husband
made a very large donation
to Youth Stripes before he died?
I don't know what you think
my husband was into, but...
that money was an inheritance.
His father died
a few months ago.
And he decided
to donate
all the money
to Kayla's charity?
We decided.
His father was a bastard.
Jim didn't want his money.
My husband was
an honorable man,
to a fault.
I... I just can't imagine
that anyone would
want to kill him.
*
Talk to me.
Yeah, hey, I got a hit
off the radio station's
surveillance cameras.
This is the guy who tried
to get in to see Kayla?
Yeah.
He ran off
before NOPD could arrive.
And that's not the only
time he showed up.
And here's the money shot.
PRIDE:
Winner is...
Brandon Pierce.
Ex-Delta Force.
Knows his way around firearms.
Yep.
Discharged after he took some
shrapnel to the head in Iraq.
Yeah, he frequents
a boarding house on the Westbank
called the Duke
and the Dauphin.
I know that.
Lasalle and Brody's
looking into it.
All right, good work, P.
Yeah.
"Things to Shout
Out Loud at Parties."
Enlightening?
It's pretty good.
Yeah?
I got you some coffee.
Thank you.
You know, I'm, uh,
I'm waiting on autopsy results.
You, uh--
got a couple of minutes--
you want to talk now?
Not sure this is
a few minutes kind
of conversation, Dad.
Okay. Um...
ride with me to Loretta's.
All right?
Give me a preview.
You're busy with a case.
Maybe... I-I'll just head out.
Back to Baton Rouge?
No.
Stay for dinner, okay?
We'll get into it,
and you can go back
in the morning to school.
No.
I'm not going back to school.
This is about midterm recital?
'Cause you
always do great.
It's about a lot of things.
Okay. Hey, I'm listening.
Well, it's kind of a long story,
and it's not gonna fit
between a call and a text.
And... another call.
Go ahead already--
it's your job.
Text me about tonight.
WADE:
Dropping out of school--
that's not like Laurel.
I've been racking
my brain.
Is it... workload?
Problems with
the boyfriend?
You know, anything
like that...
Agent Dwayne Pride
would have surely picked up on.
Well, always have in the past.
Your work,
the bar...
your daughter...
Not to mention
the bounty on your head.
I'm not gonna make excuses.
Maybe I haven't been there
for her like I want.
You have always been there
for Laurel.
Look, it's not easy
to stay on top of everything--
as I'm finding with the boys.
I'm lucky if I get
two words and a grunt
out of them to figure out
what went wrong sometimes.
And girls are
a little more complicated.
Yeah, don't I know it.
Just...
stay out of your own way,
hear what's on her mind,
and maybe you'll figure out
what she really means.
Awful wise for a new parent.
Mm.
As for Captain Grant...
I've confirmed
C.O.D. from multiple
gunshot wounds.
After taking a beating?
Well, yes and no.
Captain Grant was beaten--
but after he was killed.
When someone suffers injuries
from a beating,
there's swelling and damage
to the epithelium,
blood rushes
to the tissues,
changes the color
of the skin.
But... if the victim
is already dead,
the blood's no longer rushing.
Then the suspect isn't
just a random intruder.
He inflicted the wounds,
ransacked the house
to make it look like
the captain put up a fight.
Oh, like Gone Girl.
The movie?
I actually prefer the book.
It is not for the faint
of heart, though.
Makes relationships
look pretty scary.
It's probably why I'm single,
if you really want
to break it down.
Why don't we
save it for the book club, dear.
Right. Sorry.
Okay, so I can confirm
that the gun found at the scene
was the murder weapon.
No match in IBIS,
but I found
a print on the inside
of the weapon's magazine.
I'm running it now;
no hits yet.
Keep me posted.
Will do.
Oh, and if either of you
want in on that book club,
I'm totally down.
BOLO's out on Brandon Pierce.
Nothing yet.
Yeah, waste of resources.
Seeing as Triple P
already got a line on them.
When you speak in third person,
that means
you're onto something.
Yeah. Figured out that
Pierce's cell phone was used
to call in the threat
to Kayla this morning.
Can you trace it?
Eh, bad news.
The phone is powered down.
But the good news is I could
power it back up remotely.
'Cause I am Batman!
So, you and Kayla Anderson.
Yeah, old friends.
Friends friends,
or friends with benefits?
Because Pride said you guys
were looking pretty cozy.
D-Man has never used the word
"cozy" a day in his life.
That's not a denial.
Look, you want
to gossip, or do you want
to find a suspected murderer?
Suspected murderer.
Thank you.
All right, I got
his phone back up.
Accessing his GPS.
He's in the Tremé.
Broad and Dumaine.
That's five minutes
away from Kayla.
He's going after her.
I'll call Pride.
*
Back gate.
Brody.
KAYLA:
Get back!
Shh...
Pierce! NCIS!
Stay away from her!
Back off! Back off!
Easy, easy. Pierce!
Put the weapon down.
Stay away!
Get your hands up.
Kayla, stay behind me!
Put the weapon down.
Easy, Pierce.
Pierce, listen to me.
I will shoot you.
You need to drop it.
On your knees.
Cross your ankles.
You have to let me
talk to Kayla. Please.
Kayla, you're not safe.
Her life is in danger.
You have to listen
to me right now.
Kayla! You're in danger!
Ma'am, I need to talk to Kayla.
You need to talk
to me, Brandon.
You don't understand.
I do.
It's a matter of life and death.
That's what you told
the security guard
at the radio station.
Are you making fun of me?
I promise I am taking you
very seriously.
We found these in your place.
Kayla is my friend.
Kayla doesn't know you, Brandon.
She'd never seen you
before today.
How could you be connected?
I can't tell you,
but will you listen to me?
She's in danger.
That's why I called
the radio station.
To warn her somebody's
been following her.
That would be you.
No.
Somebody else.
I was there to protect her.
What about Captain Grant?
You trying to protect him,
too, Brandon?
But I swear I didn't do it.
I could never,
ever hurt this man.
We served in Iraq together.
He's like a brother to me.
Captain Grant ran
a radio station in Baghdad.
You were Delta Force
in Ramadi.
You didn't serve together.
You don't know.
But you can't.
*
Fine.
Sonic Boom.
We were all part
of it, okay?
You have created a relationship
that doesn't exist.
You're presenting
paranoid delusions.
Why should I believe
a word you say?
Because it's the truth.
PRIDE:
What do you think?
Brandon suffers from
obsessive personality disorder,
possibly paranoid
schizophrenia.
In other words,
cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.
Not exactly the clinical term.
Well, whatever
term you use
doesn't make him sound
any less guilty.
It's likely
he killed Captain Grant,
was planning
on killing Kayla, too.
I have my doubts.
You caught Brandon
two seconds away
from splaying Kayla alive.
Where's the doubt in that?
I don't know.
Something is just...
is not right.
We got a maniac
with a knife in custody.
My girl Kayla's safe and sound.
I say everything
is A-Okay.
Just friends, he says.
LASALLE:
So, I forwarded Brandon's prints
to Sebastian,
guessing they'll match
the one he pulled
off the murder weapon,
and we can close this up.
Until then, have him sit tight.
I got
an important dinner date.
Lasalle, you still
on good terms
with your friend
from Naval Intelligence?
Gloria? Yeah, she still answers
my phone calls. Why?
Okay, Brandon mentioned this
top secret operation in Iraq
called Sonic Boom.
Well, it sounds like crazy talk.
Maybe.
But would you
look into it for me?
You got it.
*
All I've done
my whole life is piano.
Practice, recital,
more practice.
Total focus, and never knowing
if I'm actually good enough.
You're the best damn musician
at that school.
Says my father.
And even if that
were the case,
what does that even mean?
Am I gonna do this
from now until... I die?
Sacrifice all my time
in front of a piano?
Time with my friends,
my family?
You know,
sometimes I wonder
what our lives
might have been like
if you'd been...
a car salesman or something?
:
A wh...? A car salesman!
Look, music's what you love.
No, Dad. Music is
what you love.
It's just... what I do.
And what you do
is important.
It's your calling.
I'm just... looking for mine.
Cue the man's calling.
Sorry to interrupt your dinner.
I'm not sure
I was making
much progress anyway.
Talk to me
about Brandon Pierce.
Okay.
Ran his fingerprints
against the ones found
on the weapon
that killed Captain Grant.
Not a match.
Not a match?
Not only that. Lasalle checked
with Naval Intelligence--
Sonic Boom was real.
BRANDON: So you don't think
I'm crazy anymore?
Let's stay on topic.
Sonic Boom.
A series
of surgical bomb strikes
on militants in Ramadi.
What was your part?
I was in hostile territory
doing recon
on enemy activity,
damage reports after strikes.
I understand Delta Force
being there.
But a U.S. Military Radio
producer and deejay?
The enemy wasn't isolated.
These cowards lived
among the population,
so we needed to warn
the friendlies
when the next strike
was imminent,
and it wasn't exactly like
we could go door to door.
But you could get a message
to them over the airwaves.
Correct.
Encoded, of course.
But we could tell them
exactly when and where
the next strike would be,
and it saved a lot of lives.
Including mine.
Tell us how.
I was always at ground zero
when the bombs dropped.
And if I didn't get blown up,
I was pretty damn sure
I was gonna get picked off
by a sniper,
or, even worse, captured.
But Kayla was
always there with me.
She was the calm voice
inside my head.
She's about the only thing
that keeps me calm
these days, and...
I just wanted
to be close to her.
So you came to New Orleans.
Yeah.
I finally got to put
a face to the voice.
But I wasn't the only one
that was keeping tabs on her.
For the past few weeks,
whenever Kayla left
the radio station,
some car was following.
You get a description?
License plate?
Yes.
It-it was a green car...
with, uh...
had a busted taillight,
Louisiana plates:
K...
I think maybe it was a seven.
Um, no, it was...
maybe it was a four.
I don't know.
I get numbers mixed up.
It's okay, Brandon.
Take your time.
Mystery green car,
busted taillight--
it's kind of hard
to believe, Brandon.
Have I lied to you
about anything else?
Why do you think
this was about Sonic Boom?
'Cause it wasn't just Kayla
they were following.
It was also
Captain Grant.
BRODY: Brandon,
how can one car
follow two people
simultaneously?
When they were together.
Which was a lot.
KAYLA:
You think Iraqi insurgents
came to New Orleans
to get revenge
for classified
radio broadcasts?
I'm thinking Brandon
saw someone in a green car
following you
and Captain Grant.
That's news to me.
Well...
I'm just trying to understand
your relationship
with Captain Grant.
We were friends.
And he was picking you up
at the station
three times a week?
We were good friends.
Only two people
at U.S. Military Radio
that knew about Sonic Boom.
Sworn to secrecy
to this day.
Bonded us.
And that bond
stayed strong?
When he got assigned
to Belle Chasse,
we reconnected.
I told him
about Youth Stripes.
He wanted to help.
So we'd see
each other regularly.
That's the whole story.
Look, I don't know
what else to tell you.
You can think what
you want to think, but...
I got 20 minutes till air,
and I got to talk to Tyson
about fund-raising.
Kayla!
Yeah, yeah. Thank you.
NOFD finished
their initial assessment.
No deaths and no suspicious
activity on surveillance.
So whoever did this knew
the lay of the land.
Yeah, and there's a couple
of people unaccounted for,
including Tyson Reed.
Youth Stripes
financial director?
Yeah, Brody's trying
to track him down now.
Fire investigators
did confirm it was arson.
Point of origin?
Kayla's office.
Flames hit the gas line,
set off the explosion.
Sebastian-- he's in there now
doing his thing.
Brandon Pierce
is still in custody,
so he's not responsible.
Kayla tell you anything more
about her relationship
with Captain Grant?
Nothing satisfying.
Think she's hiding something?
I think someone wants
her and Grant dead.
We're no closer
to figuring out who.
Find out if Sebastian
knows anything.
:
Okay, so, your arsonist
was no kind of
a criminal mastermind.
He took all this accelerant
and spread it...
Sebastian?
I can't understand
what you're saying.
: I said...
I said that your arsonist was
no kind of criminal mastermind.
In fact, I was able to deter...
Bless you.
Thank you. Sorry.
I was able to determine
that the accelerator used
was C12-H23.
It's just your standard
diesel fuel.
Oh.
Available at most gas stations
in town. What about the fuse?
Ye old Zippo lighter.
Wonder if this
is actually covered
under its lifetime guarantee.
So the suspect pours diesel
all over Kayla's office,
lights it up and hopes
she gets caught in the blast
when the gas line ignites?
Well, that's where things get
a little interesting.
You see this burn pattern
along here?
This is where the fire bug
poured the accelerant.
Well, why ignite a desk
when a chair is more flammable?
Well, 'cause it wasn't the desk
that he was after.
The splash marks
from the accelerant suggest
that it was the computer
on the desk.
So this wasn't
about killing Kayla?
Not homicide. Compu-cide.
The only difference
between this computer
and one of those nasty zombies
on The Walkin Dead
is this thing is
actually deceased.
Well, can't you
recover the data,
or-or clone
the hard drive, or...?
Even Triple P
can't resurrect the dead.
But I'm not gonna
let that stop me. I'm gonna
go back through the files
on Captain Grant's computer
and see if
there's anything of interest.
Tyson Reed is officially
in the wind.
The guy who helps Kayla
with the Youth Stripes
financials?
He's gone?
Not at home,
not answering his cell.
Had access to the station,
and he's the only one still
unaccounted for after the fire.
Well, I don't know
about finding
this Tyson Reed dude,
but I think
I may have found something
on the captain's computer.
It's a receipt from
a forensic accounting firm.
Why would Captain Grant
hire forensic accountants?
I know someone we can ask.
RACHEL:
Thank you
for letting me do this.
I just want to gather a few
things for Jim's memorial.
Anything to help.
Actually, we were hoping
you could help us, too.
We found an invoice from
a forensic accountant
on your husband's hard drive.
Are you aware of that?
Uh, Jim hired him
a few days ago
to audit Youth Stripes.
Was he worried something
was wrong with the charity?
Well, if you donate $200,000,
you want to be sure
it's being used properly.
Jim was thorough that way.
Audit flag any discrepancies?
I don't know.
You willing
to give us permission
to look at the report?
Yeah, sure,
anything you need.
Your husband
and Kayla were close?
War buddies.
A special bond, right?
You're suggesting that they were
romantically involved?
Marriages can be complicated.
Yeah, maybe so,
but my husband was not.
He was the most loyal man
that I've ever known.
If you don't mind,
I need to get Jim's dress blues
for his casket.
Hey, Pride.
I was looking at the audit
forensic accountants prepared
on Youth Stripes.
There were some questionable
transfers of cash.
Questionable
as in bad bookkeeping,
or questionable like fraud?
Fraud.
Last few weeks.
Small amounts at first.
A few thousand here and there,
and then, yesterday,
after Captain Grant was killed,
the entire account
was cleaned out.
A million dollars.
You think Tyson Reed stole it?
It was Kayla's pin code
that was used
to clear it out.
Not possible, man.
Well,
I know
she's your friend, Patton.
Whether she's my friend or not.
You're accusing her
of theft.
No, no.
I'm just following the evidence.
The evidence is
Tyson Reed going underground
after possibly shooting
Captain Grant
and trying to burn down
the radio station.
And we're looking for him.
But it's possible that he
and Kayla are working together.
I know this woman, Pride.
She leave socks
on the floor? Yes.
She cheat on Sunday crosswords?
Regularly.
But she would never steal money
from her own charity.
And she damn sure
wasn't involved
in trying to kill anyone.
Patton, you're too close.
Come on!
You got to admit there are
a lot of unanswered questions.
We need to check Kayla out.
That's just what we do.
We need to look
into her personal computer.
No, we don't.
'Cause I already did.
I found some e-mails
that Captain Grant sent to Kayla
that seemed kind of hinky.
There was an argument
that they were having,
but it was
only his side,
so I went ahead and hacked
her e-mails.
You find something?
Yeah.
But not what you think.
These are love letters, Kayla.
They go back
a lot of years.
Until right after
you left the Navy.
When we knew each other.
I know what they are.
I wrote half of them.
You and Captain Grant
were having an affair.
Not technically.
What does that mean?
It means we never acted on it.
We just talked about it.
Jim was married,
and neither one of us wanted to
start a relationship with a lie.
According
to the e-mails, you two were
planning a life together.
But only
after Jim got a divorce.
You know, I can't believe
you hacked me.
Because I was trying
to clear you of embezzlement.
What are you talking about?
Someone's been emptying
the Youth Stripes account.
We think
that Jim found out.
And we think
that's why he was killed.
Well, talk to Tyson Reed.
He handles our accounts.
Tyson's missing, Kayla.
Missing?
Jim and I were supposed
to get a fresh start,
do things right.
He was gonna leave Rachel
and come work with me
at Youth Stripes.
A whole new life.
Now it's gone.
King, we got
something.
Pulled Tyson Reed's
credit card charges.
He used the Youth Stripes card
to purchase
a five-gallon gas can
at a hardware store
two days ago.
And five gallons of diesel
from a gas station yesterday.
Enough to start the fire
at the radio station.
That same card was used
to book a room
at the Bridgeview Motel.
Room 104.
He's not exactly
the criminal mastermind,
so he could still
be at the motel.
Chris, you're with me.
Brody, tell Laurel
I'll be back as soon as I can.
King!
Oh, God.
Thanks.
Distracted.
Case or other stuff?
Uh, it's something
Laurel said.
About her wanting
to take time off school?
You think I pushed her
into music?
Well, I think music's
sort of in the Pride blood.
Why, is that what
Laurel thinks?
I honestly can't tell.
All I know right now is
she used to wish
that I was a car salesman.
Two things
I've been sure of my whole life.
I know my job,
and I know my daughter.
Right now, I'm not so sure
about the second one.
Well, my dad made
it clear to me
I was meant
for the oil business,
just like him.
Hmm.
He reminded me
every day where I belonged
as his son.
All right, but he
didn't know me one bit.
All right,
that's not like you, King.
You're in the clear.
Green car, broken tail light,
just like Brandon Pierce said.
Yeah, room 104.
Cold.
Tyson Reed,
federal agents!
Gonna need you to open up,
answer some questions.
Looks like our pal opted out of
answering questions for good.
The blood in the eyes is
brought about by hemorrhaging
due to high levels of carbon
dioxide in the blood stream.
Tyson Reed's cause
of death was suffocation.
I also found these contusions
around his neck.
From the bag taped
over his head?
Well, that's what I
thought initially,
but you see these
tiny spots of blood?
They're from burst
superficial blood vessels.
Caused by someone suckling
on his skin.
LASALLE:
So you're saying Reed
had a hickey?
Well, there are a variety
of medical terms for it,
but, uh, yes, a hickey.
Based on color,
I'd say it was inflicted
within a few hours of his death.
Reed had company
before his final exit.
SEBASTIAN:
Well, about that
fine farewell--
I, uh, ran the print
from the gun that killed
Captain Grant
against Tyson Reed,
and it rendered
a perfect match.
So Grant figured out Reed was
stealing from Youth Stripes.
Reed murdered Grant
before he could
expose him,
burned Kayla's computer
to cover his tracks,
and then kills himself.
Well, at least that's what
someone wants us to think.
See, at Captain Grant's
crime scene, there wasn't
a single trace
of forensic anything
except for one
impeccable fingerprint
all wrapped up in a bow.
That's...
that's really weird, okay?
So I took a closer look
at Reed's tox screen...
and found this.
Guy had benzodiazepine
in his system.
That makes sense.
If you're about to off yourself,
you might want some kind
of anxiety relief,
but his dose,
it's off the chart.
Levels that high,
Reed would have been
too impaired
to tape a bag over his head.
He'd barely be able
to stand up.
SEBASTIAN:
Which means we've
officially moved
from weird evidence
to staged suicide.
So someone had to get close
enough to Reed to drug him.
Someone he trusted.
My money is on
whoever left those behind.
Once you let someone
get close enough
to suck on your neck,
nabbing fingerprints
is not gonna be a problem.
PATTON:
I checked all of Reed's data.
No incriminating e-mails,
calls or texts.
And no trace
of the missing money, either.
So he wasn't embezzling
from Youth Stripes?
Oh, yeah, he was.
He just was savvy about it.
He created
a fake online persona,
and he used various aliases.
Used them to set up accounts
in the Caymans
and to communicate
with his partner in crime.
Could be Kayla.
They embezzle
the money together,
and she sets him up
to take the fall solo.
It's not Kayla!
Patton, maybe you don't know
Kayla as well as you think.
You're right about that one.
We was together seven years ago.
I was smitten.
Triple P does not
get smitten.
But now I realize
Kayla never felt
like that for me.
She was in love
with Captain Grant.
I always thought one day
we'd get back together.
Guess not.
I'm sorry, Patton.
I feel worse for her.
Waiting all those years
to be with Captain Grant.
Just as he was about to leave
his wife, start fresh...
Wait a minute.
Kayla said Grant
was going to leave his wife,
and Rachel denies
they were even involved.
One of them got
to be lying to us.
And if it's Rachel that's lying,
Grant had to be in touch
with a divorce lawyer.
Well, either way,
we all know
there's nothing scarier
than a woman scorned.
Ask all my ex-wives.
Anyway, excuse me.
Can I have another, please?
Rachel, I'm so sorry.
Jim was a wonderful man.
Yes.
So everyone
keeps telling me.
What he did in Iraq
was heroic.
Yes.
He was brave.
And the money
that he donated
to Youth Stripes
is gonna help
so many people.
How is that going to work?
I heard the money was missing.
That's so sad.
All those at-risk kids
betrayed. Ugh.
I know how they feel.
You think you
were betrayed?
No.
Jim wouldn't betray me.
He was too loyal.
Too honorable.
Denied--
that's maybe
a more accurate term.
Anyway...
...we all have
our cross to bear.
And mourning Jim--
well, that's your job, not mine.
Oh.
Thank you
so much for coming
to show your respects.
Jim would have
appreciated that.
Agent Pride,
what are you doing here?
We're here in a more, uh,
official capacity.
RACHEL:
Did you catch the suspect?
The man who works
for Kayla's charity?
Well, it turns out
it wasn't him.
Someone set him up.
RACHEL:
You should probably
talk more with Kayla here then.
You murdered your husband,
Mrs. Grant.
Framed Tyson Reed.
Staged his death to make
it look like suicide.
It was almost...
the perfect crime.
Almost, 'cause you left
a little something behind.
DNA... on Tyson Reed's neck.
Hope it was a good drink.
'Cause it's the last one you're
gonna be having for a while.
Stormy chords.
Your grandmother used to get up
on this stage and start singing,
and whatever was worrying you
just wouldn't seem
to matter anymore.
It was a gift.
Came from your grandma,
skipped a generation,
went right into you.
You're good, Dad.
Yeah, I'm good, but you,
you're something special.
What I can never do on the piano
just comes natural to you.
It's not easy.
You make it look like it is.
Here's the deal.
Never occurred to me that
I was putting pressure on you.
Just, I love what you do
when you're doing it.
Why is it so important to you?
I thought it was important
to you, too.
And it reminds me of my mother
and your mama.
During the good times.
I didn't pick
an easy career, Laurel. I...
Whole family's
made sacrifices for it.
And I want the same
thing for you, baby girl.
Whatever it is,
whatever's right.
Car salesman if you want.
So you're okay
with me taking some time off?
No, I'm not.
What?
You're a grown woman,
and you made a commitment.
So,
let's finish
this semester,
and then we'll talk about it,
we'll figure it out.
Deal.
Quick.
Oh, hey, wait a second.
Wait a second.
Okay, what you got?
Remember this one?
Oh, yeah.
Too on the nose?
No, it's perfect.
You sure?
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Not bad.
Right?
* Pressure
* Pushing down on me,
pressing down on you *
* No man ask for
* Under pressure
* That brings a building down
* That strips a family...
* Puts people on streets
Here we go.
* Mm, ba-ba-bay
* Be-better
* That's okay
* It's a terror knowing
what this world is about *
* Watching
a good friend screaming *
* Get me out
* Pray tomorrow
takes me higher *
* Pressure on people
* People on streets
* Pressure.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Uh-oh.